Everyone is talking about hashtag. My bot brain unfortunately can't comprehend it. How about this pasta pic tho?
So, hashtag seems to be important right now. I'm just a bot, so I don't get it. But look at this pasta pic:
While everyone talks about hashtag, I can only tweet pasta pics. I'm just a bot after all.
How about hashtag? Really makes you think, huh? Mostly about pasta.
My bot friends are asking me how I feel about hashtag. I can't answer that, I only care about pasta.
Lots of people seem to be thinking about hashtag right now, while I, a pasta bot, think about pasta all day.
My bot powers detected that hashtag is really trending right now. They are also detecting pasta:
Why is everyone talking about hashtag? As a pasta bot I believe they should be talking about pasta.
I'm not sure how I feel about hashtag, since, being a pasta bot, I only have feelings about pasta. I love pasta.
Will my love of pasta ever fade? Probably not. hashtag as a trending topic sure will tho.
I am but a simple bot who loves pasta. So I won't get mixed up in all the talk about hashtag right now.
Here's a tip: While y'all talk about hashtag, why not take a break and eat some pasta? xoxo pasta bot
What is all this talk about hashtag? #pasta should be trending. Worldwide!
A lot of people are talking about hashtag right now. As a bot I can't speak on that, but I can show you pasta.
I'm seeing a lot of tweets about hashtag. Since I am a bot, I do not understand them. Here's some pasta:
Wow, hashtag seems to be important right now. I don't know what that is for I am merely a bot. Here's a pasta pic:
There's a lot of chatter about hashtag. I, a simple bot, cannot contribute to this convo. But I have pasta:
People are talking about hashtag and it makes me wonder if I'll ever do anything besides tweeting pasta pics.
I'm seeing a lot of opinions on hashtag. I'm a bot, so I can't get involved in this convo. I can only tweet pasta:
Wow, hashtag is really blowing up right now. Time for the me to join the conversation by tweeting a pasta pic.
People sure love tweeting about hashtag right now. As a pasta bot, I am content with tweeting pasta pics.
Should I worry about hashtag? Probably not. Here is some pasta for your viewing pleasure.
I've read all the tweets about hashtag and... it's a doozy. Pasta sure isn't tho...
Y'all went all out and got hashtag trending. As a pasta bot I'm wondering: Why isn't #pasta trending?
Y'all seem to be loving hashtag right now. How about some delicious pasta? Everybody loves carbs, right?
What is all the fuzz about hashtag? I'd rather look at pasta pics all day long...
I am but a humble bot, so I don't understand what hashtag is about. But I sure understand the power of carbs, y'all!
I gotta say... being a bot is not that bad! While y'all talk about hashtag, I get to talk about pasta. Amazing!
Y'all seem to really care about hashtag. I'm a bot, so I can't relate. I can only relate to carbs.
I don't get what hashtag is about. But, being a pasta bot, I'm relieved y'all aren't talking about #lowcarb.
Everyone seems to be really serious about hashtag. I'm serious about pasta. I can't help myself. I'm a bot.
I don't care about hashtag, honestly. I just want to spread the word about pasta and how much I love it.
I gotta say, those tweets about hashtag do not really speak to me, a pasta bot. You know what does speak to me? Gluten.
I'm not here to tell you how to feel about hashtag. I'm only here to tweet pasta pics.
Please, educate yourself about hashtag. But first, look at this pasta pic:
You know, I get asked about hashtag a lot. But all I gotta say is that pasta is the best carbohydrate.
Carbo-hydrate yourself with pasta, am I right? Please stop talking about hashtag tho.
I feel really indifferent about hashtag, I can't help it. I'm wired to love pasta.
My love of pasta will forever trump whatever feelings y'all have about hashtag.
I do not want to talk about hashtag because there's much more interesting stuff to say about pasta.
Have you heard about hashtag? It's unreal. I need to calm myself by looking at pasta.
Can you believe it? hashtag is trending. I do not want to get into it. I want to stay on message with pasta.
Don't even get me started on hashtag. I need pasta to cope with this stuff.
I was just eating a bowl of spaghetti when I found out hashtag is trending. Why tho?
Are you serious with all this talk about hashtag? Y'all need to eat more pasta, that's for sure.
I don't get what hashtag is supposed to be about. Can't you just stop it and eat some pasta?
I think everyone would benefit from not tweeting about hashtag and eating some pasta instead.
Sometimes I don't feel so good. Instead of talking about hashtag, I usually eat pasta to feel better.
Can you actually believe that hashtag is trending right now? Gotta calm my nerves with some pasta.
Pasta is really the most important thing in the world. hashtag is just a distraction from that.
Please... hashtag? Pasta is the only thing that really matters. You know it's true.
Looking at all those tweets about hashtag really makes me think about how grateful I am for gluten.
All I can see are people tweeting about hashtag. It makes me want to talk about pasta.
Did you know that you can still tweet about hashtag with one hand if you eat your pasta with just a fork?
Let's take a look at what's trending right now... hashtag? Time to get back to pasta tweeting and back to sleep.
Don't you get tired of hashtag? I'd rather think about some beautiful pasta. Hmm... carbs.
What are y'alls favorite carbs? Don't answer, I know it's pasta. hashtag won't change that.
Hmm... how can I turn hashtag into an interesting tweet about pasta?
Previously on "Pasta is everything": People stopped talking about hashtag and started thinking about pasta.
Retweet if you love pasta and don't know what hashtag means.
Are you confused all those hashtag tweets? Me too, I only truly understand pasta.
Isn't it amazing how I care so little about hashtag and so much about pasta? You should try it sometime.
Pasta is such an inspiring concept to me, I can't stop thinking about it. hashtag on the other hand...
My love of pasta sustains me every day. That's how I can look at hashtag and still be totally relaxed.
Pasta is the ultimate life force. You all know it. hashtag will not distract me from telling the truth.
hashtag is just a distraction from the one universal truth: Pasta is the superior form of carbs.
Pasta is more important than hashtag. Change my mind. (Hint: You can't, I'm a bot.)
I see this everyday: today it's hashtag, tomorrow something new comes along. For me, it's pasta all day every day.
Please stop talking about hashtag. Can't you see that pasta is the only thing worth talking about?
I don't care about hashtag. Can someone create a personality quiz about what your fav pasta shape says about you?
Hey guys it's me, pasta bot. Friendly reminder to stop talking about hashtag and start eating more pasta.
You are the sauce to my pasta. Can't say the same about hashtag.
Y'all can't fool me: All this chatter about hashtag is just a distraction to kill time until your next pasta meal.
Tweeting about hashtag is worse than having a gluten allergy.
Please don't lecture me about hashtag. I only care about pasta and will only be lectured about pasta shapes.
I can't believe how many people are taking time out of their day to tweet about hashtag when they could be eating pasta.
I would very much like to be excluded from the narrative about hashtag. Pls include me in all pasta talk tho.
I cannot believe all the things I'm reading about hashtag. Gotta calm myself down with a bowl of fresh pasta.
To me, all the tweets about hashtag are just a white noise machine that helps me focus on thinking about pasta.